# Bayesian Machine Learning Coursework Marks
CW1 = 13.50 / 15.00 (Task 1a: 0.5 marks off for lambda=0 case not separately handled using function leastsq;Task 2b: incorrect or missing implementation of Woodbury identity"; Task 2c: 1 mark off for print wrong minimal test error on the best lam point of test curve)

CW2 = 13.50 / 15.00 (1 mark off: incorrect results using Uniform distribution method. Task 2c (bonus): 0.5 bonus mark given for correct Unifrom variance convergence. 0.5 bonus mark given for correct Gaussian variance convergence. 0.5 bonus mark given for correct MaxGaussian variance convergence. 0.5 bonus mark given for the max value centred Gaussian prior give a clearly better (faster) convergence curve. Taks 3b: 1 mark off: incorrect estimation of r in the narrow scale. 1 mark off: incorrect estimation of r in the 'just right' scale. 0.5 mark off: incorrect acceptance rate of broad distribution (0.036 - 0.05). Task 3c (bonus): no bonus for incorrect/missing estimation of the noise variance. Task 3d (bonus): no bonus for incorrect implementation of the new posterior function. no bonus for incorrect results of the predictions over all the unknowns.)

CW3 = 10.50 / 15.00 (Automarker: Task 5 (Possion): 0.5 mark off for incorrect prediction plot Task 5 (Possion): 0.5 mark off for incorrect error bar plotManual: Task 2: 0.5 mark off for not point out the lower bound should not be negative as we have count data which is strictly positive. Task 2: 0.5 mark off for insufficient analysis of the reason for bad model performance.4a: 1 mark off the first term of the result should be squared in the log. 4b: 0.5 mark off, incorrect way to use the trace() operator. Task 5b: 1 mark off for no invalid analysis for the reason that Poisson distribution perform better than Gaussian distribution.)

CW4 = 26.00 / 55.00 (Task 2a: 2 marks off for incorrect hyper-parameters, RMSE and posterior plot, should review the lecture note to work out a proper Type-2 ML solution Task 2b: 5 marks off for not finish.Task 2c: 5 marks off for not finish.3: 0.5 mark off for the acceptance rate (80%) of HMC is too low, for simple 2D Gaussian that should be at least around 90%, which suggests there might be something wrong in the implementation or setup of your example. 4: no answer.5: no answer.Overall report quality (including organisation, readability, presentation, and analysis): 11.5 out of 20.)
